fileverse.md, before:

---
title: Fileverse
tags: build
description: Fileverse
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Fileverse</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://fileverse.io" target="_blank">fileverse.io</a></p>

# About

- Self controlled and owned collaboration, data, documents, files, etc.
- Backend: Powered by [gun.eco](https://gun.eco)

# Community and support

- Twitter: [@fileverse](https://twitter.com/fileverse)
- Email: [hello@fileverse.io](mailto:hello@fileverse.io)
- GitHub: [github.com/fileverse](https://github.com/fileverse)

# Opportunities

- Sign in with externally owned account
    - 2023-10-31
        - Device: Ledger Nano X
        - Browser: Firefox and Brave
        - Methods: WalletConnect, Ledger Live through WalletConnect, and MetaMask
        - Attempted solutions: Disable VPN and ad blocker
        - [Screenshot](https://drive.proton.me/urls/42EYAGF5Q8#N1w6fjP28hjV)


<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>

Commit message:

Refactor: Fileverse Safe account compatibility

fileverse.md, after:

---
title: Fileverse
tags: build
description: Fileverse
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Fileverse</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://fileverse.io" target="_blank">fileverse.io</a></p>

# About

- Self controlled and owned collaboration, data, documents, files, etc.
- Backend: Powered by [gun.eco](https://gun.eco), IPFS, and Arweave
- Compatible with [Safe.global](https://safe.global) smart accounts
    - Use the Fileverse app directly in the Safe apps view instead of connecting to the fileverse.io web app separately

# Community and support

- X: [@fileverse](https://twitter.com/fileverse)
- Email: [hello@fileverse.io](mailto:hello@fileverse.io)
- GitHub: [github.com/fileverse](https://github.com/fileverse)

# Opportunities

- Sign in with externally owned account
    - 2023-10-31
        - Device: Ledger Nano X
        - Browser: Firefox and Brave
        - Methods: WalletConnect, Ledger Live through WalletConnect, and MetaMask
        - Attempted solutions: Disable VPN and ad blocker
        - [Screenshot](https://drive.proton.me/urls/42EYAGF5Q8#N1w6fjP28hjV)


<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>
