grants-review.md, before:

---
title: Grants review
tags: build
description: Grants review
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Grants review</h1>

# Process

#### 1. Application is complete

#### 2. Opportunity
a. Proof-of-concept
b. Long-term

#### 3. Differentiation
a. Compare to similar products in the short and long-term
b. Specific technical considerations related to the opportunity

#### 4. Technical implementation
a. Outline each feature that will be built
b. Link to the tools that will be used, e.g. APIs, SDKs, libraries, etc.
c. Include the specific documentation from the tools (If available) for feature.
d. Timeline of how much time is planned for each step of the development process for each feature, i.e. What will be worked on each week, 2 weeks, or however you decide to segment your time?

#### 5. Team
a. Team's background
b. Past work and projects: Provide links to publicly accessible sources. If not available, provide references of who to talk to about previous work together.
c. Past grants: Is there public info on past grants proposal(s) and/or grants program retrospective discussing the results?

#### 6. Funding allocation

- What will the grants funds be used for on a detailed level? 
- E.g. Funds could be allocated based on features, time period, contributors, etc.

#### 7. Business model
- I.e. How will this operate long-term?
- One-time or subscription purchase from users
    - Grants and public goods funding
    - Self-fund development and maintenance as an operational cost

#### 8. Wait until the final submission to provide scores

- If one scoring topic is a deal breaker for the proposal, provide a detailed explanation for that topic.
- You can provide briefer explanations for the other topics.

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>

Commit message:

Features: Gantt charts and Web3 Grants Report

grants-review.md, after:

---
title: Grants review
tags: build
description: Grants review
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">Grants review</h1>

# Process

#### 1. Application is complete

#### 2. Opportunity
a. Proof-of-concept
b. Long-term

#### 3. Differentiation
a. Compare to similar products in the short and long-term
b. Specific technical considerations related to the opportunity

#### 4. Technical implementation
a. Outline each feature that will be built
b. Link to the tools that will be used, e.g. APIs, SDKs, libraries, etc.
c. Include the specific documentation from the tools (If available) for feature.
d. Timeline of how much time is planned for each step of the development process for each feature, i.e. What will be worked on each week, 2 weeks, or however you decide to segment your time?

#### 5. Team
a. Team's background
b. Past work and projects: Provide links to publicly accessible sources. If not available, provide references of who to talk to about previous work together.
c. Past grants: Is there public info on past grants proposal(s) and/or grants program retrospective discussing the results?

#### 6. Funding allocation

- What will the grants funds be used for on a detailed level? 
- E.g. Funds could be allocated based on features, time period, contributors, etc.

#### 7. Business model
- I.e. How will this operate long-term?
- One-time or subscription purchase from users
    - Grants and public goods funding
    - Self-fund development and maintenance as an operational cost

#### 8. Wait until the final submission to provide scores

- If one scoring topic is a deal breaker for the proposal, provide a detailed explanation for that topic.
- You can provide briefer explanations for the other topics.

# Resources

- [State of Web3 Grants Report](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1CFD6ztSh2ggJSO-U3uEea92UVB1cRbvBlA1tfPxLKi8/edit#heading=h.y5h1kb3c7o4y) *funded by Gitcoin*

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>
