todoist.md, before:

---
title: 🟥 Todoist
tags: build
description: Todoist
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">🟥 Todoist</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://todoist.com" target="_blank">todoist.com</a></p>

# About

## Background

- Freemium subscription
-  Started in January of 2007
-  *See [How to Become a Market Leader in 10 Years](https://blog.doist.com/how-to-become-a-market-leader-in-10-years) by Todoist*

## Community and support

- Twitter: [@todoist](https://twitter.com/todoist)
- Reddit: [r/todoist](https://www.reddit.com/r/todoist/)
- Developer documentation: [developer.todoist.com](https://developer.todoist.com)
- Open-source
    - [github.com/Doist](https://github.com/Doist)
    - [github.com/Doist/typist](https://github.com/Doist/typist)
    - [github.com/Doist/reactist](https://github.com/Doist/reactist)

# Features

#### Shortcuts

- *See [Keyboard shortcuts](https://todoist.com/help/articles/keyboard-shortcuts)*
- Add a link to text: Highlight text > Paste a link.
- Surround text with characters: Highlight text > Type desired character.

#### Project management

- Shift between Board view (Kanban) and List view (Nesting hierarchies) with shortcut <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>v</kbd>

#### Sharing

- Members have full access to info, e.g., Tasks, comments, files, and etc.
    - *See [Sharing projects and collaborating](https://todoist.com/help/articles/sharing-projects-and-collaborating) by Todoist*

#### Calendar

- Two-way syncing with Google calendar
- *See [Use Google Calendar with Todoist](https://todoist.com/help/articles/use-google-calendar-with-todoist) by Todoist*

#### Gantt charts

- [Ganttify](https://todoist.com/integrations/apps/ganttify) integration
    - [Use Ganttify with Todoist](https://todoist.com/help/articles/use-ganttify-with-todoist)

#### Security

- Multi-factor authentication (MFA): [How to enable two-factor authentication](https://todoist.com/help/articles/how-to-enable-two-factor-authentication) *by Todoist*
- Back up data: [Backups](https://todoist.com/help/articles/backups)
    - Test the backup: Upload to an empty profile.
- Sign out of all devices: *Settings > Integrations > API token > Issue a new API token*

# Opportunities

- MFA with FIDO2 feature request *by [@adamshurwitz 2022-08-22](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1561755970790989825)*
- Skiff calendar two-way integration
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-12-06](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1600211705786552320)
- Proton calendar two-way integration
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1483843281129820169)
- Public sharing
    - Projects and tasks
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1484201317283155975)
- Recover deleted items
    - [Delete a task](https://todoist.com/help/articles/delete-a-task)
    - Restore from a backup: [Backups](https://todoist.com/help/articles/backups)
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1484201732175372293)

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>

Commit message:

Refactor: Todoist features Are image files compressed?

todoist.md, after:

---
title: 🟥 Todoist
tags: build
description: Todoist
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">🟥 Todoist</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://todoist.com" target="_blank">todoist.com</a></p>

# About

## Background
- Freemium subscription
-  Started in January of 2007
-  *See [How to Become a Market Leader in 10 Years](https://blog.doist.com/how-to-become-a-market-leader-in-10-years) by Todoist*

## Community and support
- X: [@todoist](https://twitter.com/todoist)
- Reddit: [r/todoist](https://www.reddit.com/r/todoist/)
- Developer documentation: [developer.todoist.com](https://developer.todoist.com)
- Open-source
    - [github.com/Doist](https://github.com/Doist)
    - [github.com/Doist/typist](https://github.com/Doist/typist)
    - [github.com/Doist/reactist](https://github.com/Doist/reactist)
- Related
    - [The Best To-Do List App](https://www.nytimes.com/wirecutter/reviews/best-to-do-list-app/) *by Wirecutter*

# Features

#### Shortcuts
- *See [Keyboard shortcuts](https://todoist.com/help/articles/keyboard-shortcuts)*
- Add a link to text: Highlight text > Paste a link.
- Surround text with characters: Highlight text > Type desired character.

#### Project management
- Shift between Board view (Kanban) and List view (Nesting hierarchies) with shortcut <kbd>shift</kbd> + <kbd>v</kbd>

#### Sharing
- Members have full access to info, e.g., Tasks, comments, files, and etc.
    - *See [Sharing projects and collaborating](https://todoist.com/help/articles/sharing-projects-and-collaborating) by Todoist*

#### Calendar
- Two-way syncing with Google calendar
- *See [Use Google Calendar with Todoist](https://todoist.com/help/articles/use-google-calendar-with-todoist) by Todoist*

#### To do comments
- Upload files, e.g. images
- To research: Are image files compressed?
    - There's no noticeable difference in the image quality in a side-to-side comparison of an uploaded image compared to the local image version test

#### Archived project history
- [Unarchive a project in Todoist](https://todoist.com/help/articles/unarchive-a-project-in-todoist-FHs9r6CY)

#### Gantt charts
- [Ganttify](https://todoist.com/integrations/apps/ganttify) integration
    - [Use Ganttify with Todoist](https://todoist.com/help/articles/use-ganttify-with-todoist)

#### Security
- Multi-factor authentication (MFA): [How to enable two-factor authentication](https://todoist.com/help/articles/how-to-enable-two-factor-authentication) *by Todoist*
- Back up data: [Backups](https://todoist.com/help/articles/backups)
    - Test the backup: Upload to an empty profile.
- Sign out of all devices: *Settings > Integrations > API token > Issue a new API token*

# Opportunities
- MFA with FIDO2 feature request *by [@adamshurwitz 2022-08-22](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1561755970790989825)*
- Skiff calendar two-way integration
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-12-06](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1600211705786552320)
- Proton calendar two-way integration
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1483843281129820169)
- Public sharing
    - Projects and tasks
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1484201317283155975)
- Recover deleted items
    - [Delete a task](https://todoist.com/help/articles/delete-a-task)
    - Restore from a backup: [Backups](https://todoist.com/help/articles/backups)
    - Feature request: [@adamshurwitz 2022-01-20](https://twitter.com/adamshurwitz/status/1484201732175372293)

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>
