yup.md, before:

---
title: 🙂 Yup
tags: build
description: Yup
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">🙂 Yup</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://yup.io" target="_blank">yup.io</a></p>

# About

- App: [app.yup.io](https://app.yup.io)
- Social media aggregator
- Read and cross post across platforms

# Features

- View feeds
- Post across multiple platforms
- Most features are available on mobile first: [Mobile beta waitlist](https://yupio.typeform.com/to/lXQyUc5e)
- Platforms: Twitter, Bluesky, Farcaster, and Lenster

# Community and support

- Twitter: [@yup_io](https://twitter.com/yup_io)
- Discord: [discord.gg/XuZYwmBT6p](https://t.co/DSp48D5FFK)
- Blog: [yup.mirror.xyz](https://yup.mirror.xyz)
- Documentation: [docs.yup.io](https://docs.yup.io)

# Opportunities

## Public audit

- Publish a third party security audit of how Yup manages the user's social media read and write credentials.
- E.g. ConsenSys Diligence, OpenZeppelin, Quantstamp, Sigma Prime, Trail of Bits, etc.

## Web app

- Easy sign in using the mobile app
    - Scan the web app QR code with the phone, E.g. Farcaster web app sign in
- Sign-in with Ethereum (SIWE)

## Android app

- Twitter not showing in the feed: v0.0.17 *2023-07-25*

## Messaging

- Aggregate messaging protocols
- E.g. XMTP, Push Chat, etc.

## Business models

- Freemium
    - E.g. Ad supported and ad-free paid platforms
    - E.g. Offer unlimited read-access and limited posts per month, similar to Buffer
- Free trial
    - E.g. Offer all features for a month

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>

Commit message:

Feature: Yup search and show platform usernames

yup.md, after:

---
title: 🙂 Yup
tags: build
description: Yup
image: https://pbs.twimg.com/profile_banners/3540691454/1535710532/1500x500
---

<h1 style="text-align: center;">🙂 Yup</h1>

<p style="text-align: center;
          font-style: italic"><a href="https://yup.io" target="_blank">yup.io</a></p>

# About

- App: [app.yup.io](https://app.yup.io)
- Social media aggregator
- Read and cross post across platforms

# Features

- View feeds
- Post across multiple platforms
- Most features are available on mobile first: [Mobile beta waitlist](https://yupio.typeform.com/to/lXQyUc5e)
- Platforms: Twitter, Bluesky, Farcaster, and Lenster

# Community and support

- Twitter: [@yup_io](https://twitter.com/yup_io)
- Discord: [discord.gg/XuZYwmBT6p](https://t.co/DSp48D5FFK)
- Blog: [yup.mirror.xyz](https://yup.mirror.xyz)
- Documentation: [docs.yup.io](https://docs.yup.io)

# Opportunities

## Public audit

- Publish a third party security audit of how Yup manages the user's social media read and write credentials.
- E.g. ConsenSys Diligence, OpenZeppelin, Quantstamp, Sigma Prime, Trail of Bits, etc.

## Web app

- Easy sign in using the mobile app
    - Scan the web app QR code with the phone, E.g. Farcaster web app sign in
- Sign-in with Ethereum (SIWE)

## Android app

- Twitter not showing in the feed: v0.0.17 *2023-07-25*
- Search and show platform usernames in Create Post, Complete tags view
    - This saves the user from having to open each platform to search for the usernames.
    - Show a list of username results for each platform as the user types.
    - Allow the user to select the username.

## Messaging

- Aggregate messaging protocols
- E.g. XMTP, Push Chat, etc.

## Business models

- Freemium
    - E.g. Ad supported and ad-free paid platforms
    - E.g. Offer unlimited read-access and limited posts per month, similar to Buffer
- Free trial
    - E.g. Offer all features for a month

<p style="text-align: center; font-style: italic">This is not technical advice. Always read the official documentation and do your own research.</p>
